let morningChallenge = ['Make a 10 card memory game - users must be able to select two cards and check if they are a match. If they are a match, they stay flipped. If not, they flip back over. Game is done when all cards are matched and flipped over Bonus - add shuffling of the cards (find a shuffling algorithm online) at the start of the game',
'User can enter number of dice, number of sides, and number of dice to ignore Regular dice like normal, but ignored results get pushed to an array Then loop through the array to append the ignored results to a new list',
'A local coffee house is finally starting to take off ever since they introduced cold brew made from Kopi Luwak. They can’t handle their order volume and are starting to drop orders. Create an app that enables the cashier to enter the customer\'s name and their order. Then add that order to a queue that the baristas can see and give them the ability to mark an order complete. Once marked complete, the order should move to a list of completed orders with the barista\'s name who completed the order next to it. The cashier and baristas should have completely different views. Bonus points if the app automatically says the customer\'s name out loud when an order is complete.',
'User can enter number of dice, number of sides, and number of dice to ignore Regular dice like normal, but ignored results get pushed to an array Then loop through the array to append the ignored results to a new list',
'User has ability to enter a number and when they click on a button a dice with x number of sides will roll (x being the number they entered) - update the dom with the result of the roll',
'Create a Wu-Tang Clan name generator. Present the user with 5 survey questions and based on those answers randomly generate their name. ES6+, running on a node server, and should return a first and last name',
'The sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers is, 12 + 22 + ... + 102 = 385 The square of the sum of the first ten natural numbers is, (1 + 2 + ... + 10)2 = 552 = 3025 Hence the difference between the sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers and the square of the sum is 3025 − 385 = 2640. Find the difference between the sum of the squares of the first one hundred natural numbers and the square of the sum.',
'A palindromic number reads the same both ways. The largest palindrome made from the product of two 2-digit numbers is 9009 = 91 × 99. Find the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers.',
'If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.',
'By listing the first six prime numbers: 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, and 13, we can see that the 6th prime is 13. What is the 10 001st prime number?',
'Implement an algorithm to determine if a string has all unique characters.',
'Given two strings, write a method to decide if one is a permutation of the other',
'Implement a method to perform basic string compression using the counts of repeated characters. For example, the string aabcccccaaa would become a2b1c5a3. If the compressed string would not become smaller than the original string, your method should return the original string. You can assume the string has only uppercase and lowercase letters (a-z).',
'Create a function that takes in a number n. The function should then return a chess board of alternating colors that is n^2 in size',
'Create a function that takes in an array of n length. The function should always return that last item in the array',
'Create a function that sorts an array of numbers that is n length. Your function should use quick sort to sort the array of numbers.']
